♪♪♪
OLMEC: Mere mortals
on an adventure
to prove they are heroes worthy
of entering my Temple,
thrust into an epic legend
told by generations
of oral storytellers like me.
Many versions
of these legends exist
but there is only one
Legends of the Hidden Temple!
These four teams have a chance
to become heroes
and win a King's Ransom...
But only one team may
enter my Temple to try.
And here's their guide
to tell them how to do it.
Cristela Alonzo.
Thanks Olmec! Hey everybody!
[cheering]
You wanna go on an adventure?
Let's do it.
Olmec, it is great to see you!
A stone cold delight,
as always, Cristela.
CRISTELA: Any plans
for the weekend?
Mm... I'll just be chillin'
[laughs]
I love it.
Olmec, look, I know, your
Temple is full of Lost Treasures
from the most amazing
legends throughout history.
What legend are our
heroes living today?
Oooh.
Seven Scorpions.
Like, it sounds like
the Seven Dwarves but like a lot
cooler and into hard rock,
I love it!
That means that one of our
teams of heroes has the chance
to enter your
Temple to retrieve
the seven scorpions and
win that King's Ransom.
Will it be the Orange Iguanas?
Married couple,
Meredith and Chris.
The Blue Barracudas, business
partners, Lauren and Rayson.
The Purple Parrots,
siblings Cheyenne and Kiowa.
Or the Green Monkeys,
newly engaged, Maggie and Frank.
-I'm Frank.
-And I'm Maggie Rose.
-We've been engaged for a week.
-And we're going strong.
-Yeah.
-No turning back now.
It's okay so far. Yeah.
MAGGIE: Hopefully this isn't
the end of something great.
-Yeah!
-[sighs]
-I'm Kiowa.
-I'm Cheyenne.
KIOWA: We're siblings,
we live together. I'm younger.
CHEYENNE: I'm the older.
We fight
like siblings per usual.
But at the end of the day,
we're kin. We love each other.
CRISTELA: Before we let our
heroes loose to cross your moat,
Olmec, Tell us more
about their mission.
This story comes from
the ancient myths of Egypt.
Isis, goddess of healing
and magic is appointed ruler
over Egypt by her husband,
Osiris, who is also her brother.
Another brother named
Set is evil and envious
of his successful siblings.
He does
what jealous brothers do.
He kills Osiris,
takes over Egypt and plots
the murder of his sister,
Isis, who is now pregnant.
-CRISTELA: Gotta love family.
-I know, right?
Isis hides in the swampy marshes
of the Nile River, working on
a survival plan when she gives
birth to a son, she names Horus.
Her good friend, Serket,
the goddess of fertility
and medicine sends a baby
gift of seven giant poisonous
scorpions to protect
them from Set when fate ensues.
-I'm Chris.
-And I'm Meredith.
And we've
been married for three years.
We're kind of nomadic
at the moment, so...
We're homeless.
CHRIS: We're
definitely gonna win.
We haven't
had a bed in three weeks.
We're used
to instability and adapting.
-I'm Rayson.
-I'm Lauren.
So our goal has always been to
empower the Filipino community.
RAYSON: So we throw a
weekly pop up market
-in downtown Los Angeles.
-LAUREN: Yup.
I think our skills complement
each other very well.
I mean, it's going to
lead to our road to victory
at Legends of the Hidden Temple.
RAYSON:
Because we got the skills,
we got the experience
and we have the teamwork!
CRISTELA: Like Isis,
our teams are going
to start on a quest full
of mental and physical tests.
First one, of course,
is crossing your moat.
So how are we doing it today?
First, one of you is Serket,
gifting Isis
with the seven scorpions,
while the other is Isis,
collecting them before
emerging from the swamp.
When Cristela gives the signal,
Isis, put on that belt
upon which
you clip your scorpions.
Then both of you don
your goddess headdresses
and swim
towards the second platform.
On the way,
search for a bag
floating in the moat,
containing four banners
with the names of the scorpions.
Hang the banners in the
correct order by lining
up the blue lines on
the top and the bottom.
Then Isis must swim back
to the mud pit to find
the scorpions and clip
them to your belt.
Once you
have all seven scorpions,
you may both exit the
moat and hit your gong.
The first three teams
to hit their gong
continue on their quest.
The last team is out.
So heroes, are you ready?
RAYSON: Let's go!
-[cheering]
-[Cristela laughs] Yes!
We're here representing
for our community.
-We rep the Filipinos.
-Rep the Filipino community,
let's go.
CRISTELA: Olmec, how about you?
Are you ready?
This rock is ready to roll!
[Cristela laughs]
Alright, everybody.
On your mark, get set...
Go!
♪♪♪
Before they're off,
they have to dress the part.
FRANK: Our number
one strategy
is don't worry
about anyone else.
Worry about
what's in front of us.
CHEYENNE: Go. go, go.
-KIOWA: Go?
-CHEYENNE: Go.
♪♪♪
CRISTELA: The Green Monkeys
are the first team
to grab their banners.
Ooh, Purple Parrots are
right behind them
closely with the Blue Barracudas
and coming in last
but not least,
the Orange Iguanas.
Love strategy
and the style points.
Blue Barracudas,
a hail Mary and a flip!
LAUREN: Our challenge
today is to grab a bag with
four fabrics,
put it together so that it
spells out all seven
names of those scorpions.
So the names of the
scorpions are scrambled
into these banners
that they're hanging.
Now they have to figure out what
the name of the scorpions are.
Isis can't search for
the scorpions until
the banners are all
in the right order.
Green Monkeys are the first team
to hang their banners correctly.
Now Isis has to dig to
find her seven scorpions.
But there are a whole bunch
of wrong names in there too.
M-A-T-E-T.
M-A-S... E-T-E.
Spell Mesetet again.
I have never had a harder
time spelling in my life
and I think I'm a
pretty good speller.
-Masatetf, okay!
-T-E-F-E-N.
I got Tefen!
CRISTELA: Once she finds
a correct scorpion,
Isis has to clip it to
her belt and then find the rest.
Masetetef?
-Pefen?
-RAYSON: Yes.
-With a P?
-RAYSON: T!
Oh,
come on!
I'm yelling at Lauren
and I'm saying--
And he's pronouncing
his P's with T's
and I got lost.
I think there was a little
bit of communication breakdown.
There's a lot of dirt here.
They're so hard to find.
Those scorpions are scrappy
little critters.
Ah! I got it!
What's the one?
What's Masetef, or whatever?
Ma-se-te-ef.
That's it, that's it.
-No Tefen!
-[indistinct]
-Okay.
-There's Pefen.
I just can't find the
first one she's naming.
Tefen, it's super short!
No! Where's friggin' Tefen?
I'm losing my freakin' mind.
It has to be here so
I'm sifting through everything,
pushing everything here.
Alright Tefen, I got it.
CRISTELA: Purple Parrots
are finally on the board
with their first scorpion.
-I got Tefen.
-E-N.
Okay, I need one more.
What's the last one?
-P-E-N!
-FRANK: Okay.
Oh! I think the Green Monkeys
are going to do it.
♪♪♪
[gong rings]
Oh! Comin' in first
are the Green Monkeys!
They're moving
on to the next round!
MAGGIE: This is our first
week of being engaged.
We had our first challenge.
And I'd say we succeeded.
Turns out it bodes well.
-Got it.
-Petet? Okay.
-CHEYENNE: T-E-P!
-Alright.
I got seven!
♪♪♪
Oh, man, I think Purple Parrots
are going to come in next.
CRISTELA: Purple Parrots,
you have the wrong
scorpions on your belt.
They have to go back!
The gong didn't count.
-Ah, the drama!
-Yeah, I got it. I got it.
Yeah, I got that one.
What's the next one?
-Read the letter to me!
-Pefen! P-E-F-E-N!
LAUREN: I don't know
what sibling rivalry
is happening
with the Purple Parrots--
but their negative energy it's
totally affecting us--
It totally is compromising us,
right now.
-KIOWA: Does that exist or no?
-No!
Then I have 'em all!
Typical brother. I'm like
double check everything.
"No! I'm going to go,"
And I'm like, "Oh my God."
Of course,
I knew your impulse craziness
would stress everyone out.
Wrong again. Sorry,
Purple Parrots. Ugh.
Let's hope third time's a charm.
Wrong again, there's only six.
-[sighs]
-That's why I said double check.
And you said--
-I had it!
Go, go, go.
I have to get back
in the moat, again.
♪♪♪
What's the next one, babe?
M-E-S-E!
We're not the smartest team,
but I was like,
"What's the other guys
doing over there?"
And started listening to what
they were calling out. Got it.
So we got through this kind of
like Chris got through college.
Not by studying.
Got it, next.
♪♪♪
-Go!
-M-A-T-E-T?
-LAUREN: Did we get 'em all?
-RAYSON: No, we have one more.
♪♪♪
Oh, man!
-Gong it.
-[gong rings]
MEREDITH: Somehow we
were second.
-Second.
-How on earth
-did that happen?
-CRISTELA: And the Orange
Iguanas are going
to the next round.
I can't
find the fricking clip!
They're swimming, go!
Go! Go!
CRISTELA: Blue Barracudas,
the Purple Parrots--
I don't know who's going
to get the last spot.
This is intense.
Remember,
the Purple Parrots have come in
twice thinking that they
got it but they didn't get it.
-[gong rings]
-Third time's a charm.
-[exhaling]
-We turned into total siblings.
[yelling]
Having flashbacks
of our childhood--
-He's not listening.
-Screaming at each other.
Oh boy, we need to work on
our communication.
Yes, we do.
Blue Barracudas, you're
not going home empty handed.
You get to keep your
Blue Barracuda T-shirts.
Wear 'em with pride.
Woo! Yeah!
CRISTELA: Moving on to the
next round and one step closer
to the Temple Run
and $25,000 are --
Orange Iguanas.
We got the Purple Parrots
and we got the Green Monkeys!
So now we have tested their
physical skills, but coming up
their smarts with the Steps
of Knowledge right after this.
Stay tuned.
[cheering]
CRISTELA: Welcome back to
Legends of the Hidden Temple.
Oh, I love to hear it!
Green Monkeys, you were
the first team across the moat.
How are you feeling about
the Steps of Knowledge?
It feels good.
We are so excited to be here.
We're ready to win
this challenge, too.
Oh, okay.
Look at that!
I don't have the
greatest attention span,
so hopefully my brain
doesn't fail me today.
CRISTELA: We saw how
fast you were crossing the moat.
Now let's see how smart
you are on the Steps.
Listen carefully
as Olmec tells us more
of the Legend of the Seven
Scorpions of Isis.
Tired and hungry, Isis emerges
from the swamp disguised
as a beggar woman
covered in warts with
a long, pointed nose.
She, baby Horus, and her
scorpion entourage
go in search of food and shelter
from the sweltering heat
when they come upon the
magnificent mansion
of a wealthy, noble woman
with a young child of her own.
ISIS: We are tired and hungry.
May we stay the night?
Perhaps
a small meal for my baby?
OLMEC: The woman slams the door
in disgust so they trudge on,
arriving at the modest home of a
poor woman with little to give.
WOMAN: I can offer you a
simple meal and a bed of straw.
I am only sorry,
I cannot provide more.
Please come in.
OLMEC: While Isis and the baby
finally sleep, Tefen,
the leader of the
scorpions calls a meeting.
TEFEN: The rich woman
could not see the nobility
in a beggar and turns away
a queen?
We must teach her a lesson.
OLMEC: Tefen collects
venom from each scorpion.
He returns to the noble woman's
mansion in the dead of night,
crawls under
the door and searches,
but not for the noble woman,
for her sleeping baby.
MEREDITH: I definitely
relate to Isis
because we are
homeless right now.
We're knocking on a lot
of doors
trying to get help
for some nights.
CHRIS: If we actually make it
past the Steps of Knowledge, uh,
hopefully,
we're getting a down payment
on a house because we need that,
we're nomadic, no home.
CRISTELA: These are
the Steps of Knowledge.
Olmec will be asking
you questions
about the legend you just heard.
He'll also ask general knowledge
questions related to the story.
Once he asks the questions,
stomp on
the ancient
mark in front of you.
If correct,
you will take a step down.
If not, or if you take
too long to answer,
the other
teams will have a chance.
The first two teams to come down
will move on to Temple Games.
The last team will be out.
Are you all ready?
-[cheering]
-Alright, let's do that.
Olmec, first question, please.
Isis is a goddess
in what mythology?
-[trilling]
-CRISTELA: Green Monkeys.
-Egyptian.
-That is correct.
CRISTELA: Awesome.
Take one step.
Good start.
Olmec, next question.
To disguise herself, Isis
transforms herself into what?
-[trilling]
-CRISTELA: Orange Iguanas.
A woman with warts.
More info.
A beggar?
That is correct.
Woo!
CRISTELA: Alright.
Orange Iguanas, good job.
Olmec. Next question.
Which of these
is the largest pyramid in Egypt?
-[trilling]
-CRISTELA: Orange Iguanas.
The Temple of Giza?
That is incorrect.
-[trilling]
-CRISTELA: Green Monkeys.
The Great Pyramid of Giza.
That is correct.
-Woo!
-CRISTELA: Oh, Green Monkeys!
We messed up
the pyramid question.
He was like,
"That's your fault."
So I looked at him
and I was like,
"Oh, you want
to get a divorce right now?"
-She said that with her eyes.
-CRISTELA: Olmec. Next question.
Who was the first Egyptian
to win best actor at the Oscars?
-[trilling]
-CRISTELA: Purple Parrots.
Rami Malek.
That is correct.
CRISTELA: Woo! Purple Parrots
coming up.
Alright, Olmec.
What you got next?
The Egyptian language is
made up of what writing system?
-[trilling]
CRISTELA: Green Monkeys.
-Sanskrit.
-Incorrect.
-[trilling]
-CRISTELA: Orange Iguanas.
-Hieroglyphics.
-That is correct.
CRISTELA: Oh, wow! Oh, man.
Olmec, next question.
Who turns Isis away?
-[trilling]
-CRISTELA: Purple Parrots.
The noblewoman.
That is correct.
-CRISTELA: Oh, wow.
-We all here now, baby!
[Cristela laughs]
CHEYENNE: We're all
neck in neck.
This is so stressful.
I don't want to lose.
I want to get down there.
Olmec, next question.
OLMEC: Scorpions
have how many legs?
-[trilling]
-CRISTELA: Green Monkeys?
-Eight legs.
-That is correct.
CRISTELA: Oh!
-[trumpet sounds]
-Congratulations,
Green Monkeys, you are moving
forward to the Temple Games.
-We did it!
-We're going to Temple Games!
CRISTELA: We've got one
spot left and two teams.
The Purple Parrots
and the Orange Iguanas.
The tension is huge because
I just said the tension is huge.
-Alright.
-[laughter]
I am totally
terrified right now.
I'm literally shaking.
It's like Game seven of the
NBA playoff game--
It's win or go home.
Olmec.
Next question.
What is the name of the
leader of the seven scorpions?
-[trilling]
-CRISTELA: Orange Iguanas.
Tefen.
That is correct.
CRISTELA: Oh! Congratulations,
Orange Iguanas.
You are moving forward
to the Temple Games.
We may seem like the fun,
chill, cool team
but when it comes down to it,
we're going to fight.
Like Tefen, we're going to do
whatever we have to
to protect each other,
to get vengeance and win.
Purple Parrots, I am so sorry.
You played an awesome game.
I hope you're
proud of what you did.
It was awesome!
I can't even swim so
just crossing the moat
was already
very impressive to me.
One answer away from
the next round--
It's just, it's pretty--
It's pretty gutting.
You are not
going home empty handed.
Please tell them what they won.
ANNOUNCER: On top of your
shirts, you're going home
with a whole bunch of Legends
of the Hidden Temple
-signature swag!
-Thank you--
ANNOUNCER:
Including limited edition hats,
beach towels,
sports chairs, spike ball sets
and giant Olmec party
coolers for each of you!
We have the Orange Iguanas
and the Green Monkeys.
These two teams are one
step closer to racing
through Olmec's Temple
for $25,000.
We'll be right back.
Stay tuned.
[cheering]
Welcome back to the Legends
of the Hidden Temple.
Now, we've seen our heroes
cross Olmec's moat
and make their way down
the Steps of Knowledge.
Now the glory goes to
the strongest and fastest
team in the Temple Games.
Still, with us,
we've got Maggie and Frank
with the Green Monkeys.
I am feeling
over the moon excited.
It is a dream come true.
And honestly,
we don't even have words for how
pumped up we are to compete.
And Meredith and Chris,
the Orange Iguanas.
We actually had friends that
told us if we didn't make it all
the way through, they weren't
going to be our friends anymore.
We asked what point we
could exit and they would be
happy and they said,
"No, all or nothing."
So there's a lot of pressure.
We'll lose a lot of friends.
Both of you will be
competing
for these actual
Pendants of Life.
Now you will need these
to protect yourself
from the dreaded Temple guards
as you make your way
through Olmec's Temple.
The first game will
be one team at a time.
Green Monkeys,
you won the Steps of Knowledge,
so you have
decided to go second.
Alright, Orange Iguanas,
time to take your mark.
Go ahead and get ready.
Okay, Olmec will now
tell us more
about Temple game number one.
OLMEC: In this game,
you are Tefen collecting venom
from your scorpion posse,
each one designed
to attack a
different part of the body.
When Cristela gives the signal,
one of you grab a scorpion,
absorb as much venom as you can,
then climb atop
the mountain and release
it to your team mate below,
who must catch it in
that cranial funnel.
Use that diagram to
direct your teammate
to the first scorpion,
starting with Petet.
Fill Petet's bottle without
touching it with your hands
then swap roles and fill
the next Scorpion's bottle.
Once all the bottles are filled,
you may hit your gong
and stop the clock.
The team that hits their
gong the fastest wins.
Alright. Orange Iguanas,
are you ready?
Yeah.
Alright. Olmec, set the clock.
On your mark.
Get set.
Go!
Both scorpions up the mountain,
that doesn't leave him
with a hand to pull himself up.
Having to climb this
mountain with water,
that's going to be difficult.
MEREDITH: Chris,
how are you doing?
CHRIS: I'm getting there.
I think I'm going to
eat crap and like, fall.
They have to
communicate here because
if Meredith looks up--
Well, you get it.
You-- Step out of a little bit.
-The plant's in the way.
-Step out?
The coordination of having
to drip and then catch.
Chris has to tell Meredith which
jar to pour the venom into.
Right foot, Petet.
Forward. There. You got it.
Perfect, perfect, perfect.
-Is it full? Okay.
-MEREDITH: Yeah.
That was perfect.
Now they have to swap, Meredith
squeezes and Chris catches.
-Chris, how did you do this?
-CHRIS: Doing great, keep going.
And then once you get up there,
just start pouring into my head.
MEREDITH: Holy crap.
I'm missing a lot.
So I'm thinking this is
not enough, I need to get more.
CHRIS: Am I full?
MEREDITH: Yeah, I think so.
CHRIS: What one?
Where am I going?
MEREDITH: Left hand-- Mesetet.
There you go.
CHRIS: Meredith,
you have to get more water.
MEREDITH: I have to go
all the way back down
and go all the way back up
again.
Like, this is not fun.
CHRIS: We need just a
little more on that one.
MEREDITH: Okay, go.
I feel bad
for the kid right now.
Not Chris, the actual
kid that's dying from the venom.
-It's taking longer.
-CHRIS: All right. Switch.
They were like losing a lot
of water out of the sponges
when they were going up, so I
knew that you have to be really
careful and not squeeze too
much water out on your way up.
CHRIS: Last one, Mer,
we got this.
MEREDITH: Masetetef.
CRISTELA: Only one
more and they are done.
Ah!
CRISTELA: Then they have to hit
their gong to stop the clock.
MEREDITH: Ah!
[gong sounds]
CRISTELA: Okay, Orange Iguanas
have hit the gong!
They came in at seven
minutes and 24 seconds.
That means that the
Green Monkeys are next
and in order to get
the Pendant of Life,,
they have to beat that time.
So let's see if they can.
The whole thing was kind of a
blur, just watching them do it.
MAGGIE: I am terrified
if I'm being completely
honest because we
really want to win.
Alright, Green Monkeys.
Are you ready to do this?
-FRANK: Yeah!
-MAGGIE: Let's go!
CRISTELA: Awesome. On your mark,
get set. Go!
♪♪♪
Remember, the Green Monkeys have
to beat the time
that the Orange Iguanas
did.
That's seven
minutes and 24 seconds.
Let's see
how they're going to do it.
-Are you okay up there?
-FRANK: Yep.
-Oh, hello.
-FRANK: Alright.
MAGGIE: Oh,
this feels good.
-Alright, should I go?
-FRANK: Yeah, you're good.
-MAGGIE: Okay, where am I going?
-FRANK: You're going to...
-MAGGIE: The symbol--
-FRANK: It's the ankh.
You're going
to the far head-- Petet!
CRISTELA: Frank and Maggie
have a different diagram
than Chris and Meredith.
MAGGIE: Okay, go.
CRISTELA: It's swap time!
MAGGIE: Set it down.
Squeeze 'em!
CRISTELA: Man, climbing
up that mountain, that's tricky.
Basically they're,
they're climbing up a slide.
MAGGIE: This is heavy.
I think the Green Monkeys
are a strong team.
Right now,
they're stressing out.
And hopefully that affects
their performance.
Far side arm.
-Good job.
-CRISTELA: Three down.
-Halfway there!
-Near side head.
CRISTELA: Maggie and
Frank have only one more left.
I need to go to that
Temple Run, babe!
I wouldn't say I'm like,
scared or like anxious.
FRANK: You're my main squeeze,
okay? Don't forget it.
He won't admit it. He's shaking
-on the inside, aren't you?
-No.
FRANK: Oh, yeah,
let it rain. We're good.
They're on their way
to fill their last one.
Are they gonna make it in time?
I dunno!
FRANK: Okay!
[gong sounds]
CRISTELA: Woo! Yes! Yes.
Oh, that was amazing.
41 seconds to spare.
That means Green Monkeys,
you won with time left,
which means that you
get the Pendant of Life.
The first one, this is awesome.
We're feeling fantastic about
winning the first challenge.
We're covered in mud.
But it was a great time.
And Orange Iguanas don't worry,
you still have a chance
to redeem yourself
in Temple Game number two
when we
come back after this.
Stay tuned.
[cheering]
Welcome back to Legends of the
Hidden Temple.
Congratulations, Green Monkeys.
You won the Pendant of Life,.
The other team are really
fierce competitors.
We're kind of feeling the
heat right now because
they've been married for two
years and we just got engaged.
But you need two to move
on to the Temple Run.
So you know, it just so
happens I have one right here,
ready to go,
so it's up for grabs.
Which means Orange Iguanas,
you still have a chance
to tie this game.
CHRIS: There's an added
element of pressure.
We got to be ready for
literally anything
Olmec's gonna throw at us.
Our next game will actually
be both teams playing
at the same time.
Alright, teams go and get ready.
Now Olmec will tell us more
about Temple game number two.
Tefen sneaks into the
noble woman's mansion
to find his target,
her sleeping baby.
He rears up and delivers
his mighty sting,
releasing seven doses of
deadly venom into the child.
The noble woman lets
out a frantic scream
that jolts Isis awake.
She runs to the mansion
to discover the dying infant
and immediately knows what
her scorpions have done.
Transforming back into Isis,
she lays her hands
on the areas affected by
the poison and chants
seven healing spells
to remove each scorpion's venom.
But is it too late?
You must become Isis, extracting
the venom to save the child.
When Cristela gives the signal,
one of you remove
the cloth to reveal the
first healing spell
and the name of
one of the scorpions.
Chant the
spell to your teammate,
who must find that scorpion's
rune and bring it
to the child,
creating a healing circle.
Then swap roles.
When the healing circle
is complete with seven runes,
remove the poison by
popping the venom sack
and then you may hit your gong.
The first team to
hit their gong wins.
Alright, teams,
you guys ready to do this?
-Yeah!
-MEREDITH: Yeah!
Alright, let's do it.
On your mark, get set.
Go!
-Our efforts will repeat--
-Over and over again
-but stand by bringing--
-CHRIS: Tefen, Tefen!
FRANK: Tefen!
CRISTELA: The chant tells
them which scorpion rune they
need then they put it in the
healing circle and swap roles.
That's great.
Yep, get it out of there.
FRANK: You got this.
CHRIS: Come on, Mer.
You got this.
MAGGIE: There's no name, blank.
Sometimes you have a blank
and you have to keep going.
Or sometimes you have a scorpion
name that hasn't been read yet.
So you have to move on
and try to remember where
that scorpion was for next time.
Masetetef.
CHRIS: We're going to
beat them for once in our life.
-Come on, Mer. Go!
-Damn it!
CHRIS: Go, go, go, go.
CRISTELA: Meredith
has the first rune.
-Six more to go.
-CHRIS: There you go.
I'm certainly not
following this clef.
Please grab Masetetef.
Masetetef.
-MAGGIE: Tefen!
-FRANK: Okay.
I'm certainly
not following this clef.
-Please grab Masetetef.
-CHRIS: Petet. That one's Petet.
-MEREDITH: Masetetef. Masetetef!
-CHRIS: Go, Mer, go!
This child is dripping in sweat.
Go back and fetch me Petet.
Petet, Mer, Petet.
MEREDITH: Oh,
bottom left, right?
-CHRIS: Yeah, far left.
-MAGGIE: Masetetef, go!
CRISTELA: Ooh, Green Monkeys
have their second one.
Five more runes to complete
the healing circle.
FRANK: This child is
dripping with sweat.
-Go back and fetch me Petet!
-MAGGIE: Uh... Metet!
-Is that it?
-FRANK: No, no, no. It's Petet.
CHRIS: Come on Mer, go!
Read me, read me!
Ooh, Orange Iguanas
just took the lead.
Four more runes. Uh, Tjetet is
what I need. Posthaste, I plead.
CHRIS: This one is blank.
Remember, if they win
this challenge, we're in a tie.
FRANK: Gotta climb up, baby.
-MAGGIE: What is it?
-FRANK: Petet.
-MAGGIE: Tjetet.
-What am I looking for?
-MEREDITH: Tjetet.
Blank on the top right!
Tjetet, Tjetet, Tjetet.
FRANK: This is a game of
patience and perseverance.
Okay, come down.
[indistinct]
CRISTELA: Frank and Maggie
just picked up one
but they're still behind.
Chris and Meredith are
in the lead by two.
It sounds like a threat. Go
get the protective Metet!
Tjetet is what I need!
Posthaste, I plead!
-Head of Metet!
-Go.
CRISTELA: Oh, the
Green Monkeys just tied it up.
Oh, that's intense.
This is a challenge.
CHRIS: Metet, girl!
It sounds like a threat
so go get the protective Metet!
Middle, middle, middle, middle!
We've been all across
this rope ladder.
We've seen all the scorpion
names and we're able to just
kind of say it's the one
over there, or go over there.
Ooh, Green Monkeys
just pulled ahead.
Maggie and Frank
only need two more.
Chris and Meredith
are right on
their Green Monkey tails.
-I can't complete this feat--
-Without the liquid of Masetet!
-Masetet?
-MAGGIE: Yes.
♪♪♪
Go!
Mind will be at rest when
Befen's poison is suppressed.
All the way to the right.
MEREDITH: Masetet, Masetet.
Got it?
CRISTELA: Oh, these
teams are stinger to stinger.
CHRIS: My mind will be at rest
when Befen's poison
is suppressed. Befen!
MEREDITH: Befen's bottom, right?
CHRIS: No, the top left.
CRISTELA: Oh,
we're getting close.
They're both on their last one.
It's still anybody's game.
Who is going to win?
The Orange Iguanas or
the Green Monkeys?
FRANK: Get it baby, you got it.
♪♪♪
-MAGGIE: Ah!
-FRANK: Haha!
-[gong]
-CRISTELA: Yes! Oh! Oh!
Green Monkeys.
Congratulations, you won.
-Yes!
-That is amazing.
That means that you get
the second Pendant of Life.
-Do I get to hold it now?
-Yes, you do--
-Oh my gosh.
-Yes you do.
That means you are moving on
to the Temple Run.
Orange Iguanas.
I'm so sorry to see you go
but you're not going away
empty-handed.
Tell them what they won!
ANNOUNCER: You've won
an electric scooter
-from Razor for each of you!
-[cheering]
It's the Ecosmart SUP
electric scooter.
A quiet ride with
a wide bamboo deck,
twist-grip throttle and
pneumatic tire tubes.
Goes up to 12 miles
on a single charge!
CRISTELA: Frank and Maggie
have earned the right
to enter Olmec's Temple
to retrieve the seven
scorpions of Isis
and a shot at $25,000.
We'll be right back.
Welcome back to Legends
of the Hidden Temple.
With me, I have Maggie
and Frank, the Green Monkeys.
They have proven that
they are worthy
and have earned an entrance
into Olmec's Temple.
I want us to complete
the Temple Run because this is
the first thing that we're going
to do after getting engaged.
And not that this sets
the tone for our marriage--
But it kind of sets the
tone for our marriage.
Uh-oh.
Before we let them loose to
retrieve the Seven Scorpions
of Isis, Olmec,
tell us how the story ends.
As Isis chants with intensity,
the poison is extracted
and the child revives.
The noble woman offers Isis
all of her riches in return,
lamenting
her earlier callousness.
Isis graciously accepts
the offer, then turns the riches
over to the poor woman who
sheltered them, securing Isis
a place in the hearts of
Egyptians for all eternity.
And the fate of the baby Horus?
He grows up to defeat
his evil uncle, Set,
and becomes the king of Egypt.
That's a really nice ending.
Olmec. Where are the Seven
Scorpions of Isis?
OLMEC: The Seven Scorpions
of Isis may be found
in the Crypt of the Heartless.
CRISTELA: There are many
challenges and locked doors
in Olmec's Temple that stand
between you
and the Seven Scorpions of Isis.
Before Olmec opens his gate,
he's going to give
you some information
that'll help you make
your way through the Temple.
Olmec.
OLMEC: Your Temple Run to the
Crypt of the Heartless begins
in the Crystal Cenote where only
one of three doors is unlocked.
The low door directly
into the Crypt may induce
some rage if locked.
But choose the high door
to the Royal Rage Room
and you may release that rage
on those clay pots.
Find the three jade keys
to the King's Coffer
that may unlock the door
to the Spider's Lair.
Don't get disoriented as
you crawl around
looking for one of two ways out.
Perhaps the Room of
the Lost Treasure.
Or the Room of the Beloved.
Maneuver that lonely
skull through the maze
of its friends and reunite it
with its skeleton
to open the passageway to the
Shrine of the Silver Monkey.
Quickly assemble that
damned statue if you can
to open the passageway
to the Steamy Hollows,
where you must repeat
the order of the steam blasts
to open the gates to
the Queen's Armory.
Dress the queen in five pieces
of magic armor and she may allow
you to descend the Ladder
of Death into the Dark Forest.
Or race through the door
to the Pit of Despair.
Jump or climb down the
bony walls into the rubble
then crawl your way to the
Crypt of the Heartless
and those Seven Scorpions
of Isis.
If you can grab the
scorpions before time is up,
all of the doors will
instantly unlock.
Race back through the
Crystal Cenote
and through the Temple Gates.
The choices
are yours and yours alone.
Who's going first?
I am.
Very well, Frank.
FRANK: The strategy for me
is be calm
but also a little bit crazy.
When Cristela gives the signal,
race through the gates
and make your way towards
the Seven Scorpions.
Hiding inside the Temple
are three Temple guards--
[roaring]
Assigned to protect three
specific rooms.
Hand them one of your
pendants as an extra life
and you may go on but get
caught without a pendant
you'll be taken
out of the Temple.
And it will be Maggie's
turn to enter and try her luck.
Return through the gates
with the Scorpions
in four minutes and you will
both be handsomely rewarded.
And here's how.
ANNOUNCER: Just for getting into
the Temple gates, you've already
won $2,500 in a spending
account provided by Chime.
Grab the Seven Scorpions
of Isis within four minutes
and your account will
increase to $10,000.
What? That's amazing.
ANNOUNCER: Return through the
gates with the Seven Scorpions
before the time is up and your
account will grow to $25,000!
All from
our good friends at Chime.
Chime is an award
winning financial app
and debit card used by
millions of Americans.
Get started today at Chime.com.
I love it.
Alright, let's put four
minutes on the clock.
-Frank, are you ready?
-I'm ready.
Alright.
Time to get into position.
Olmec. Open the gate.
[Olmec groans]
Alright, Frank. On your mark,
get set. Go!
MAGGIE: Go Frank!
You got it, babe!
CRISTELA: Alright!
Into the Crystal Cenote
and up the rock wall.
It's locked.
Going up to the Royal Rage Room.
Yes.
Let's hope Frank saves
some rage for those pots.
He's looking
for three jade keys.
-Get angry!
-MAGGIE: Break 'em hard!
CRISTELA: Yes,
you got one piece.
MAGGIE: Oh no, it fell!
CRISTELA: Remember, you gotta
put it back in! It fell out.
One more to go.
Come on Frank, you got this.
MAGGIE: You got it, you go!
Break one more, you got it!
CRISTELA: Oh, oh, there it is!
There it is!
-MAGGIE: Put it on!
-Yes, you got it! Move on!
That opened the door
to the Spider's Lair.
-Let's get sticky.
-MAGGIE: Go babe, you got this!
CRISTELA: Frank, there's
a lot of ways you can go.
Where you going? Remember,
there's a lot of ways.
I hope you get the right one!
He's climbing into the Room
of the Beloved-- beloved if...
You like dead people, I guess.
Frank needs to get the
skull down to the skeleton.
-Watch out, Temple Guard!
-[roaring]
♪♪♪
CRISTELA: He's in the Room
of the Beloved.
Temple Guard! Ah!
Ah! There goes
his Pendant of Life.
MAGGIE: Keep going,
you can do it!
CRISTELA: Nice, nice, good job.
Good job. Keep movin' it.
That's the door
to the passageway
to the Shrine
of the Silver Monkey.
Let's hope the Monkey
is well-behaved today.
You got this.
Let's get that base goin'.
Alright, you're lookin' good,
you're lookin' good. Yes!
He's got the middle piece
in place. That's the hard one.
MAGGIE: Get that head in there!
-CRISTELA: Yes! Yes!
-MAGGIE: Keep goin'! Keep goin'!
CRISTELA: That's the
door to the Steamy Hollows.
Go babe!
Ugh. He's gotta
pick up the pace.
-Oh no, Temple Guard!
-[roaring]
Run! Go Maggie,
Maggie! Go, go, go!
You got this, Maggie! Come on!
He's cleared the path for you!
You got this!
Maggie has just over
two minutes
to retrace Frank's path to the
Steamy Hollows.
And then make it halfway
across the Temple to the Crypt
of the Heartless and
the Seven Scorpion's of Isis.
This is a hard run.
She looks a little turned
around in the Royal Rage Room.
Ugh, Maggie's
taking too much time.
Hurry!
♪♪♪
Hey, there's a spider.
There's a spider there...
I was lookin' for you!
Now she's picking up the pace.
You are in
the Room of the Beloved.
You got this, you got this.
Come up to the Shrine
of the Silver Monkey.
FRANK: Go, go, go!
CRISTELA: Alright, yes.
Yes, keep doing it,
keep doing it.
-You got this.
-You got this babe.
CRISTELA: She's going
into the Steamy Hollows
with over a minute to go.
-[gong]
-Right, she has to memorize
the order of
the steam blasts--
MAGGIE: One, four three--
CRISTELA: Assigning
them numbers--
MAGGIE: Two, one--
CRISTELA: That's a good
strategy.
Start over, start over.
Start over!
♪♪♪
FRANK: One at a time.
There you go. There you go.
-You got this!
-FRANK: Go, go, go!
CRISTELA: The gate is
open to the Queen's Armory.
She has 45 seconds to dress the
queen in five pieces of armor.
[roaring]
Another Temple Guard. Give her
your Pendant of Life!
Man, Maggie was not fazed
at all by that Temple Guard.
Put on that necklace,
let's do it!
You do this every day.
CRISTELA: She's still two rooms
away and only has 30 seconds.
She's taking too much
time in this room.
♪♪♪
Ankle number one, yes.
Give her that fan. That's right.
Oh man, hurry Maggie!
10, nine, eight, seven,
six,
five, four, three, two, one!
Oh no!
No, time's up!
I do feel so grateful
to get to do things
like this with the love of my
life.
And then I get to go
home with you
even if I don't finish
the Temple.
Green Monkeys.
You are amazing.
You crushed
the moat coming in first.
You were first down
the Steps of Knowledge.
You poisoned and then healed
a child in the Temple Games.
You proved yourself worthy
of entering Olmec's Temple,
walking away with $2,500.
I'm Cristela Alonzo.
Join us next time for more
Legends of the Hidden Temple.
Olmec. You ready
to get out of here?
As long as you're driving.
My car's in the quarry.
[Cristela laughs]
♪♪♪